Move everything about submitting to evaluation queue doc (#642)
Sage-Bionetworks/synapseDocs: articles/challenge_participation.md

## Run your Algorithms and Submit to the Challenge

> You can submit to a challenge queue by using the R, Python or web client. In many cases, submitting through the web is easiest. All submissions must be first uploaded into Synapse. Follow instructions [here](getting_started.md#project-and-data-management-on-synapse) on how to upload to a project. Most challenge queues will be labeled by `challengename-subchallenge#` as a challenge may have different questions that it may want you to answer.  Learn more about submitting to [evaluation queues](evaluation_queues.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can submit to a challenge queue by using the R, Python or web client. All submissions must be first uploaded to Synapse. Follow these [instructions](getting_started.md#project-and-data-management-on-synapse) to learn how to upload to a project. Most challenge queues will be labeled by `challengename-subchallenge#` as a challenge may have different questions that it may want you to answer.  Learn more about submitting to [evaluation queues](evaluation_queues.md)
```

Author: Most challenge are in fact structured this way.  For challenges that only ask one question, the queue name is usually

* challengename-submission

For those challenges that have multiple queues:

* challengename-subchallenge1
* challengename-subchallenge2

That being said, the text should probably just say, name your queue something that correlates with your challenge, because participants have to know which queue to submit to.

> 

Author: The code is already here: https://docs.synapse.org/articles/evaluation_queues.html#submitting-to-an-evaluation-queue
